ref/add_support_for_extra_and_local_extra_parameters (#99)
AppLovin/AppLovin-MAX-Flutter: applovin_max/CHANGELOG.md

## Versions

## x.x.x

> * Add suppport for extra parameters and local extra parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add API for passing extra parameters and local extra parameters for widget banners, MRECs, and native ads.
```
